lergo-ui 1. change desktop embed-responsive to NoAutoPlay
    2. Add invitee.name to report for lessonsInvitation "Start Over"
   
lergo-ui commenting out  getMyLessonLike and getMyQuestionLike and removing 
    the test/spec (not used but gives error in console)
lergo-ri 1. redis connect moved to service with only one connection instance. 2. fix exactMatch bug where ... 
... correct answer was also incorrect answer with explanation
lergo-ri adding willExpireOn dates for reports and users that are not validated - 
... adding corresponding indexes to mongo
bug(fix - redis homepage cache) correct code on filterPage
lergo-ui bug(fix pagination) add page request to filtering out cached homepage requests and update test
lergo-ui bug(fix for previous build) fixing filter for choosing homempage caching or mongodb query.
lergo-ri and lergo-ui:  reverting previous caching method for homepage lessons and users, implementing redis caching with 1 hour TTL ...
... for these features. Downloading allUsers (for admin) only when admin is logged in
lergo-ri adding expiry date to lessonsIntro and questions to update number of views on the lessons weekly
lergo-ri bug(fix) TTL date in lessonsInvitations was not ISO, change key to willExpireOn and add TTL index
db removed all non validated users older than 6 weeks and all anonymous lessonsInvitations older than 6 weeks
lergo-ri git commit redis caching bug(fix) questions are not returned as objects so code changes needed for stringify
lergo-ri reimplementing mocha beforeBuild tests now that redis is working in build
lergo-ui script/test_ri.sh bug fix for openSSL and add redis-server
lergo-ri adding npm redis - mocha exploded when it could not find the module 5th try
lergo-ri implementing redis server  and caching lessonIntro and questionsas they are used
lergo-ui limit max of 20 characters in username
lergo-ui commenting out footer link and "about" to webinar
lergo-ui bug(fix) adding closing tag in signup submit and adding subject: hebrew-hsl
lergo-ui and lergo-ri adding routes for invalid lessons to be healed even when user not logged in
lergo-ui implement fixing lessons on the fly prior to report being created and lesson played - had to remove on test for
    checking that wrong answers in practice mistakes are unique (invitations/Display.js) - also removed all $log.info data
    leaving only the strings
lergo-ui fix(bug) admin removeSubjects / removeCreatedby lists for user must persist after navigating back
lergo-ui and lergo-ri (feat-admin) remove lessons from  admin view using subject, createdBy.
    Remove alert when using media stored in s3
lergo-ui fillInTheBlanks check for errors and erase if needed, and fix question removal even for question
    without being part of a lesson (bug fix)
lergo-ui and lergo-ri - adding csv capability to download users by period
lergo-ui steps without any link (video or presentation) are also invalid. fix bug to remove more 
    than 1 invalid step by doing splice in reverse order
lergo-ui bug(fix) change step.title to not be a requirement for a valid step
lergo-ui remove invalid lesson.step of type quiz when the location changes 
lergo-ui add 4 more options to admin ratings
lergo-ui adding lesson correction for "my questions"
lergo-ui bug(fix) remove questions for all lessons when illegal question is erased
     + new lergo.it logo and admin  comment col width
lergo-ri - revert did not help facebook share, so revert the revert
lergo-ri - facebook is not sharing - try reverting last week's nginx commit (for white screen )
lergo-ui changing lergo logo-beta for lergo.it and keys for lergo.it
lergo-ui feat adding admin comment space for lessons
lergo-ui using local storage instead of cookies for consent banner to get extended storage on mobile
lergo-ui bug(fix) mobile-cache X on wrong side so accept banner rewrite, admin time improvement, additional youtube link convert 
lergo-ui implementing banner for accepting cache usage
lergo-ui bug(fix) isCopyOf must persist
lergo-ui change webinar link to google forms
lergo-ui bug(fix) learn more was directing to realstaging instead of lergo.org
lergo-ui improvements to previous ui-build - copyOf filter changed to NotCopyOf, alignmnet of pagination text, improve admin search 
    for public lessons, improve style on gpdr signup
lergo-ri implement nginx "if_modified_since off;" and lergo-ui change link for webinar
lergo-ui implement webinar link in footer and about, add checkbox for gpdr
lergo-ui implement admin improvements (signup date, copyOf checkbox, public lesson filter search, remember pagination)
lergo-ri bug(fix) stats were not updating (not logged in);
lergo-ui warn users that image and audio links should be from google drive - using new directive for all usages
lergo-ui update lergo-input-converter to deal with youtube issues (starting time, playlist, etc)
lergo-ri bug(fix) user stats cache was mixing data between not logged in and last user
lergo-ui bug - adding default case to language : realstaging sometimes showing getlanguageObject not defined / language filter is empty 
lergo-ui admin lessons filter for users without public lessons and comment in index.html
lergo-ui remove Russian and Other from filters and more and reposition language filter and subject
lergo-ui prevent pasting in email verification in login, lergo-ri separate error message for signup email or username
lergo-ri homepage cache testing -  refresh after every hour instead of every day
lergo-ri bug(fix) tag filter not working: add useOwnProperty to test for usage
lergo-ri bug(fix) filters dont work: adding conditions to cache lessons to exclude filter parameters being cached
lergo-ri implementing homepage lesson caching for english, hebrew, arabic
lergo-ri implementing caching for STATS (non-logged-in) and use obj for cache in usernames
lergo-ri implementing caching for usernames
lergo-ui bug(fix) dealing with database differences required changing projection and flattening of output
lergo-ui bug(fix) incorrect use of variables for usernames
lergo-ri and ui: bug(fix) projection on complexSearch incorrect syntax, improve user/usernames to only have users with public lessons
lergo-ri bug(fix) fixing security issue on lessons returning userid with all other non private details
    may have been due to minor upgrade of mongoose. Added explicit "project" to get only 2 fields
lergo-ui changing invite default settings from Student to Class
lergo-ui adding typeahead-min-length="3" to some typeaheads to reduce tags.label reqeusts to mongodb
lergo-ui changing debounce to 1 sec for age and vies - desktop only
lergo-ri implementing caching on tags for homepage to deduce load on mongodb
lergo-ui changing DEFAULT_LANGUAGE, preferredLanguage and fallbackLanguage to 'he'
lergo-ri implement express throttling (15:10)
lergo-ri adding phantom-pool to package.json
lergo-ri replace phantom with phantom-pool, limit prerender lessons to 4 and check homepage prerender prior to caching
lergo-ri updating sitemap with index.html in urls
lergo-ri did hard reset to 1. Revert:... (reverts sitemap changes and goes back to phantom)
lergo-ri prerender: replacing phantomjs with phantom-pool and update sitemap.xml with 'index.html'
lergo-ri prerender remove lesson/intro caching and delay and implement max repeats of 4
lergo-ri 1. Revert: prerender: fixing bug in lesson caching and adding 6 sec delay to using cached link
lergo-ri prerender: fixing bug in lesson caching and adding 6 sec delay to using cached link and removing logger.info on questions
lergo-ri prerender bug fix - previousdate was changing incorrectly. and add to regex for homepage
lergo-ri prerender - seems that google must have index.html access. Adding index.html to prerender cache
lergo-ri phantom update homepage rendering to be identical to sitemap
lergo-ri phantom - removing puppeteer, implementing caching to allow index.html and lessons/intro without counting to 4
lergo-ri phantom prevent identical url to run > 4 times consecutively
lergo-ri phantomjs putting phInstance.exit() after .close() reversed: it caused realstaging to crash on facebook share
lergo-ri phantomjs adding filter to allow lessons/#/intro only and exiting phantom after then()
lergo-ri reinstate phantom, comment out puppeteer
lergo-ri apt-get repositories for puppeteer
lergo-ri update node-sass to prevent build failure of python2
upgrading lergo-ui to 8.17.0 , lergo-ri reverting commit to update package.json but updating grunt-jsdoc
lergo-ri updating .nvmrc to node 8.17.0
lergo-ri upgrade packages using npm fix - otherwise grunt fails
lergo-ri replacing phantom with puppeteer for prerender
lergo-ri upgrade creationix and nvm use 8.17.0 (for build: prepare-machine.sh)
lergo-ri - reset previous commit and then revert then() catch() commit due to errors in console and probably not needed
lergo-ri bug(updateOne) removing callback due to errors in node console
lergo-ri Add then() and catch() to updateOne promise for better error handling. (possible cause of Phantom exit 0)
lergo-ri process.output errors issue: adding bing to http_user_agent
lergo-ri bug(fix) AbstractModel add projections to options to remove warning "Third parameter to find()...."
lergo-ri bug(fix) Lambda function ping add error handling
add link to lergo.org at lergo.it - without https
update key contributor cloud image
feat(lrego-ri) add backend/lesson to server.js to facilitate lambda pinging lergo backend status
feat adding 'top-100-lesson-creators' from the kibana dashboard
bug(fix) updateOn reverse previous changes and use mongoIdToTimestamp directive and fix key for wikilink
bug(fix) fixing the display of wikilinks and prior / next lessons
bug(fix) mobile -english, hebrew: name of lesson not aligned to edge
bug(fix) edit / copy keys on questions not visible (related to lastUpdate)
bug(fix) date of question created is actually date of last update. Needs to be fixed.
bug(fix) 3 bar menu placement - desktop hebrew
fix security vulnerablity - change bower in package-lock.json from 1.8.4 to 1.8.8 and in ri : update mongoose to 5.7.7 for security vulnerability
    and add useUnifiedTopology: true to all mongoClient constructors - future deprecation'
LERGO-693 bug(fix) Admin cannot unpublish lessons
Update build service logo from cloudbees to codeship 
improve(profile view): prevent preview of logged in user when viewing lesson created by profile
reducing the  computation load for profile not logged in
bug(fix) filter reports by lesson and removing testReportsController testing which fails for this upgrade
bug(fix) filter for invitations marked as complete or incomplete
bug(fix) invitations can be marked as complete or incomplete
LERGO-690 - user cannot delete "lessons done by me"
LERGO_689 bug(fix) saving class report
LERGO-688 bug(fix) enabling deleting of class reports
LERGO-687 (cont)  changing all insert to insertOne for the mongo driver upgrade to 3.2.2
LERGO-687 - Upgrade mongodb from 3.2 to 3.4 - and driver from 2.2.2 to 3.2.2

updating ui package.json with ngmin => ngAmimate and removing karma and requirejs from dependencies
plus a few more minor changes

LERGO-686 (cont-1) bug(fix) implementing case for user whos roles were removed

LERGO-686 (cont) bug(fix) implementing case for user without roles

LERGO-686 - (lergo-ri) mongodb .eval() has been deprecated and is being replaced with queries. This effects the user permissions on login. 
This upgrade is necessary to enable moving to higher versions of mongodb

lergo-ui: add sending email on realstaging upgade

lergo-ri: fix all cases express deprecated res.send(status, body): Use res.status(status).send(body)

lergo-ri: lergo-ri npm upgrade adding request-param module to deal with express console warning
    allowing all ri-tests to run, but commenting out 4 that were "broken" some time in the past, solving bug with static files in server.js
Adding codeship build (lergo-codeship-build) to lergo-ui

SEO (bug - grunt test fails) remove "noindex" from directives/_lergoFilter.html

SEO - implement "noindex" on highest, non relevant google search links: /about/_keyContributors.html,
manage/users/* , directives/_lergoFilter.html

LERGO-684 Replace "Name" key in invites to "student.name" for student invite and "class.name" for class invite

update lodash for security issue and lergo-ui fix all bower packages at 1.6.6 and implement angular-animate
with bower instead of bootstrap script and fix to 1.6.6'

lergo-ri package.json update: remove crypto (and use node build in crypto) replace node-uuid with uuid,
upgrade grunt-curl and loggly

upgrade mongodb (LERGO-683) upgrade mongodb from 2.6 to 3.2 and implement 'hack' in models/User.js to prevent returning
an object without the userId. This problem only arose when moving to mongodb > 3.0

bug(LERGO-682) "my-invites" options to send emails. 1 will always be sent!

feat(LERGO-681 lergo-ri only!) Improve Invite Class Email and use javascript template strings instead of ejs

bug(hint) implement hint for desktop "fill in the blanks" and reinclude gzip,caching in nginx

feat(return_button) implement return-button on quiz, video, presentation. Use $location to hide in playlesson and add controller to route

feat(change color of play button in lesson intro and move action item button to left for mobile hebrew)

fix(facebook share image bug) remove all pre-load and pre-connect in index.html to enable the facebook image share to work correctly

feat(loading speed) implement preloading in lergo-ui, add more gzip types and caching in lergo-ri

fix(bug: similar to LERGO-677) hebrew mobile dropdown for lessons and invitations is not completely visible. Add
class for rtl mobile.

feat(add stats to mobile) implement # of lessons, questions on about/overview for mobile

LERGO-678-cont2 : add scrollTo(0,68) to play lesson "next" and "trying again"

LERGO-678-cont1 : still adding scrolluP on this and previous commits

LERGO-678-cont : fix scrollUp issues

LERGO-678 bug(remove {overflow-x: hidden} and remove scrollToTop from all places in code

fix( various pixel perfect) lesson summary space, lesson report number font-size, 3 bar dropdown placement, change
order of menu in user dropdown, change order of tabs in user menu, change position of "not logged in" practice mistake popoup

fix (various pixel perfect) abuse dropdown position, remove limit:8 on subject @ homepage and fix embed width

fix( build-lergo) karma.conf timeout using https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine/issues/1413

improve(embed and play lesson) for mobile sizes above 400px by limiting width to 400px

improve(embed) increase size of intro page, remove centered "powered by lergo"

bug(fix) LERGO-677 admin homepage -sub menu of publish to be visible, fix width of abuse dropdown and remove
hover dropdown on abuse and pubish. ALSO embed: remove navbar and make desktop size (not xs)

bug(fix) LERGO-678 add Filters to qeustions in popup from edit lesson -quiz

feat(add subject: technology) LERGO-676

feat(add subject: psychometic) LERGO-675

undo 'implement gzip in nginx.conf.template to reduce loading time' because build was not working

implement gzip in nginx.conf.template to reduce loading time
current estimate by chrome dev tools is that we can save 5 seconds

remove(console.log) LERGO-674: console.log in server.js if filling up the process.log quickly and is not needed

fix(build) LERGO-673:  change bower.json to fix angular-mocks at 1.6.6. Angular-mocks 1.6.7 causes karma
unit test to fail on ERROR: Unexpected request: GET views/homepage.html


fix(system-test failure) uib-tooltip interferes with index : 0 locator
causing system test to fail. This is a new problem probably due to chrome upgrade

fix(report) correctPercent was including openQuestions
change question.type ==> question.data.type

fix(collapse) on about 9 files collapse --> uib-collapse

fix(report-tries) collapse ==> uib-collapse

fix(kitchen sink) tab, tabset ==> uib-tab uib-tabset

upgrade(angular 1.6.x) LERGO-671: implement all changes required by angular 1.6.6 and fix $digest bug
also requires changes in lergo-protractor (fix uib-tooltip)

style(lesson report email): LERGO-668 rev1. improve hebrew with bidi, punctuation and less lines
feat(lesson report email): LERGO-668 implement hebrew email to invitee when student finishes their hebrew language lesson

feat(tags): LERGO-667 making tags only lowercase. Run script to convert all lesson tags and
question tags to lowercase

fix(bidi): implement bidi on quiz items in play lesson, lesson report and lesson preview

feat(tooltip): implement tooltip on lesson title to see full time

fix(bidi): implement bidi on 'more' for lesson description and solve hebrew question not
getting correct alignmnent after english question

fix(password reset): LERGO-652 add regEx to make password reset case indifferent
    (same as login)  - lergo-ri only

feat(bidi) : more LERGO-665 BIDI features and remove BIDI on placeholder (questions/update)
    add space after "Copy of " and it's translations (lergo-ri)
    submit with known bug that multiple questions on play lesson does not give correct alignment on hebrew
    after english multiple question without screen reload

feat(Copy of): more LERGO-665 features for BIDI and translate "Copy of:"
    when making copies of lessons and questions in Hebrew / Arabic

feat: LERGO-665 continued with more BIDI features

bug: realstaging fails on update staging -- change lergo-ri package.json to be
same as lergo.org and limit minor and major upgrades

feat: LERGO-665 implement BIDI to allow mixed language content with correct
alignment, direction and punctuation

upgrade LERGO-664 upgrade nodeMailer from 0.7 to 4.01 (lergo - ri)
this change required moving from aws username / password to key ID / secret Key and
no longer has an easy option to use non aws SMTP in localhost (gmail / yahoo etc)

upgrade: LERGO-660 upgrade lergo-ui and lergo-ri package.json using npm outdated (still need to do express)

bug: LERGO-662 fix system test : system test was not running, but reported success since node 6.9 upgrade

task: LERGO-663 Cloudbees enforces limit on instances to 2. build-lergo needs 3 simultaneously
and was therefor getting stuck. Change promote-staging-build and promote-build to be one item
for staging... called promote-staging-build-and-promote-build

fix bug: need to escape the $host and $request_uri in the redirect

feat: add 307 redirect from http to https in nginx

fix https for local phraseapp file

    after implementing ssl commit, production failed on http request for local phraseapp files.
    realstaging does not use local files, so bug was not caught there


bug fix: add sudo_wget for certificates: otherwise there was still a permission problem (need sudo)

bug fix: bug fix for ssl: changing the folders for the keys due to permission problems and
removing places where there is http

Upgrade: LEGRO-661 Implement SSL

upgrade: LERGO-659 AGAIN to mongodb driver 2.2.22 after fixing filter problem

downgrade: restore mongodb driver to 1.4.8 due to lesson filter problem

upgrade: LERGO-659 mongodb driver to 2.2.22 the main change is that 'result' gives the
full mongo-core object

chore: LERGO-658 upgrade platform to ubuntu 16.04 with mongod upgrade to 2.6.10

fix: LERGO-657 change angular-translate version to 2.13.1 (previous version not clear) an remove "include
empty translation = true" so that phraseapp will use default translation

fix: implement bodyparser extend to overcome report failure on long lessons

fix: report when invitation was deleted

temp: reduce number of total lessons by 900 (the amount that don't have at least 1 question)

feat: LERGO-656 add reset (X) button to home page search

feat: LERGO-653 to 655 change username max length & lowercase etc on homepage and disable spellchecker

fix:  LERGO 650 fix invite form after lesson

style: LERGO-643 change reset password wording for improved clarity

task: LERGO-642 add logo for intelliJIDEA

style: LERGO-641 change sort order of users in admin-manage-users

style: add colors (green : true, red: false) for 'validated' in admin userindex

task: change continoussave to prevent confirm pop-up while student is doing lesson

fix log in key flashes in lessons (previous commit) & translation key for login user not validated

fix (Reports) error flashes after incorrect log-in (was fixed a few days ago but came back)

fix (undefined key) LERGO-634 when editing question saving key is undefined

task (translate error message) LERGO-633 USERNAME OR EMAIL ALREADY EXISTS IN THE SYSTEM

fix (invites) partly roll back previous changes due to system test failure - need to understand better

fix (invite ) invite class and invite student - remove two keys that were not needed and the X

fix remove login error message from "lessons" and "reports"

fix (remove underline) two more places were underline had to be removed LERGO-627 && fix translation on signup

task (translate error message ) first one to see if it works

task (add subject) add Physical Education to "subjects" LERGO-628

fix (exact match )remove underline on X, add heading "Remove" change color of multiple answers X

fix (questions multiple choise) get rid of double "x" next to answers

fix (practice mistakes) fix apply two step bug fix to practice mistakes from lesson report

fix toastr move rtl to container

fix toastr right to left issue (.error only)

fix (backup_db):  fix typo in weekly and add PATH in yearly

task  (backup_db): add daily ,weekly,  monthly , yearly backups

task (subject): add holidays to subjects

task (subject): add citizenship to subjects

feat(report): filter by class name

fix(limits): make edit button in intro apply to limits as well. (hebrew cannot edit english from intro page).

fix(language): fix limits for languages. reference language name and not locale.

fix(users tab): make users tab hidden in manage section if user cannot patch users.

fix(report lesson filter): handle students report + handle multiple lesson names for same lesson ID.

fix(username): handle scenario where username appears on menu when managing user.

fix(role filter): make manage users role filter work

feat(limitations): be able to limit admins

feat(roles): add 'can see kitchen sink' permission.

fix(question preview): fix user profile link

fix(about/feedback): make iframe height bigger for hebrew

fix(installation): make domain appear properly in nginx configuration

task(about): add 'feedback' tab to 'about us' section.

task(subject): add literature to subjects

fix(filter): make 'hasQuestions' persistent.

task(language): add 2 more subjects

fix(practice mistakes): make questions not repeat themselves. resolves stuck lessons issue.

fix(questions count): update homepage display with new count questions method.

fix(mobile): fix display for mobile RTL mode.

fix(questions count): remove count caching. handle scenario where step was once quiz but not anymore.

fix(embed): make embed look good for RTL lessons too.

task(disk): use a different folder to backup database since dumps are too big.

fix(layout): make header go all the way to the right in mobile. make 'add question dialog' be from right-to-left in rtl languages.

feat(admin): add question count for each lesson. add filter to 'has questions'

improve(filter): make filter kept on session and fix language treatment

task(subject): add bible

fix(audio): make audio work for hebrew in ipad.

improve(signup): improve errors UX.

fix(hint): make hint disappear between questions.

improve(signup): improve errors UX.

task(phraseapp): move to api/v2 (v1 is deprecated) see: https://phraseapp.com/docs/api/v1/

improve(signup): add email retype field

fix(hint): make hint clickable on mobile.

hint and "create your own" yellow button are written exactly the same.
I am not sure why hint didn't work, but I have noticed they are both using 'focus' trigger
for popover which is an issue with mobile. adding 'click' trigger on hint solved the issue.

improve(classInvite):

1. Make class invites in 'my invites' link to class invite land page
2. fix 'you have unsaved changes' alert
3. fix alignment for help text
4. add class name to class invite form
5. add class name to report

fix(copy-links): make link alignment the same in all languages

improve(classInvite): add name of class. generate report for each student instead of invite.

fix(classInvite): fix style. add border and alignment on button.

fix(explanation media): fix scenarios where it should display and when it should not.

improve(link): add another google drive format

improve(links): automatically convert google drive links

improve(filter): improve layout of 'active filter' notification.

improve(filter): add notification for 'active filter' to question,reports and invites

fix(filter): make lesson filter update on 'reset filter' click

fix(filter): fix reports lesson filter reset.

feat(filter): add filter notification just for lesson just in english to get feedback. afterwards apply to all.

fix(filter): language issue

fix(filter): hide when not active, change color

feat(filter): add reset filters button

fix(testMode): move to next question automatically

task(lesson): show notification only in certain scenarios

task(kitchenSink): remove content if not admin

fix(popover): fix location for rtl languages

improve(buttons): make "create new lesson", "create new question" and "add step" yellow like in homepage. make popover hint visible by default.

fix(profile): external link icon only displayed when relevant

fix(profile): make public question count be identical with public questions search total title

fix(profile): improve count of public questions

chore(lesson): remove add step next to show step

feature(lesson): add "show lesson" in update lesson page

fix(profile): profile anonymous user does not see statistics

fix(profile): profile for other users should only show public details

fix(openQuestion): 2 buttons are shown

fix(openQuestion): question with explanation should require click on 'next'

fix(openQuestion): cannot see hints

improve(profile): improve the profile page. show proper stats. show balloon 'please login' when anonymous clicks questions link.
